





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog






      Block Spam Texts with Dont Text
    


Dont Text is a simple and powerful app for blocking spam text messages. You can download Dont Text for free on the App Store. Dont Text is available for both iPhone and iPad.
Dont Text gives you control over how you filter incoming text messages from unknown senders. With Dont Text, you can set custom keywords to choose which messages are blocked and sent to junk. You can also enable Worry Free Filtering to automatically block all unwanted spam texts and protect your device from spam, scams, and phishing texts....

May 28, 2021 · 3 min








      Will Changing My Phone Number Stop Spam Texts?
    


When you’ve been getting flooded with spam texts for a long time, your first instinct might be to change your phone number.
At first, changing your phone number seems like a good idea to stop the rush of unwanted texts. It might even slow down the flow of spam texts for a short time but, it is unlikely to stop spam texts for good.
Why Changing Your Phone Number Won’t Stop Spam Texts Changing your phone number might temporarily stop an annoying spam sender if they are specifically targeting you, but it is unlikely to stop all spam texts....

May 31, 2023 · 5 min








      How to Block Spam Group Texts on iPhone - The Easy Way
    


Group texts are the best for keeping up with friends and family. But, they are the worst when spammers use them to send unwanted spam text messages.
When you get included in a group spam text conversation, it can feel impossible to escape. And they are only made worse when the other people included in the group start responding too - sending you even more texts that you didn’t sign up to receive....

February 2, 2023 · 4 min








      Dont Text: What's New Version 2.0
    


iOS 16 was released to the public this September with the launch of the new iPhone 14 models. Updates to iOS are an exciting time for iPhone users because they get new operating system features and new features in all of the wonderful apps that they use.
Dont Text is excited to announce a new update to version 2.0 for the release of iOS 16.
What’s New in Version 2.0 The latest update to Dont Text brings support and optimization of Dont Text for iOS 16....

September 28, 2022 · 2 min








      How To Stop Random Texts From a Girl With a Picture in 2022
    


People in cities from across the United States have been receiving similar, strange text messages that all contain a picture of the same girl.
Often, the message contains no additional text, but people later get a follow up text apologizing for texting the wrong number. The original sender then compliments them on being so nice for not responding rudely, and asks if they still want to chat.
From there, the original sender tries to get a conversation going with the person who received the text....

September 16, 2022 · 4 min





Next Page »







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












