





I Got a ROCKSTAR Energy Spam Text | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog








      I Got a ROCKSTAR Energy Spam Text
    
May 9, 2021 · 3 min

    




A while ago, I got a spam text claiming to be from ROCKSTAR Energy. It was painfully obvious that this was a fake message. I did a little research and found that this is an older scam known as Car Wrap Scams


Download Dont Text on the App Store to block spam texts like this one

Above is the spam texts I received, sounds ridiculous right?
Maybe I spend too much time reading and analyzing spam text messages but there were a few things about this one that gave me a good laugh. Let’s jump in.
The first thing was the sheer outrageousness of the scam. In this case, the request just seems bonkers to me. I’m being paid … to put a sticker … on my car …?
This can’t sound logical to anyone else, can it? Your company’s marketing plan is to pay people to put stickers on their car? That was the best your marketing gurus could come up with?

It gets even better as I keep reading. They are going to pay me $500 TO PUT A STICKER ON MY CAR? How big is Rockstar’s marketing budget!?
Seriously, the best thing the scammer could come up with was to put a sticker on your car? I could sit here and think of better scams just while writing this post. You could have offered me free Rockstar Energy t-shirts and I probably would have clicked the link. Or maybe an enter-to-win survey for a drawing for a lifetime supply of Rockstar energy drinks.
But the best thing they came up with was $500 per week for putting a sticker on your car? Thats $26,000 a year. If this was real, my car would look like a NASCAR I would fit so many Rockstar decals on it. They’re also waaaaaay over paying. If I’m being honest I’d name my first-born son, Carnitas, for a free Chipotle burrito.

I mean come on, these spammers need to give it a little effort for it to be believable.
The ending of this text was probably my favorite part. I read through this paragraph sized text message for this “elaborate” scheme, only to find that the website is hosted on Wix. This was just the icing on the cake for me.
No legitimate company, or at least one as big and recognizable as Rockstar would host their website with a Wix domain. Seeing a Wix domain in a link is always a huge red flag.
A lot of phishing and spam websites get hosted on Wix, but the attackers could have at least made the effort to mask the URL with a URL shortener.
When I first saw this text, I audibly laughed when I got to the end only to see that this webpage was hosted on Wix.com.
This text contains just about all the signs of a spam text. I don’t think I could have created a better mock example of a spam text to share for educational purposes. Something about finding a spam text this bad in the wild gave me a good laugh.
Download Dont Text to Block Spam Texts#
At the very bottom of the message screen shot you can see “Filtered by Dont Text”. I have Dont Text with Worry Free Filtering installed on my iPhone and it blocked this obvious spam text. This spam text was just one of many spam texts I get regularly, all of them get blocked by Dont Text automatically.
Download Dont Text today and block annoying spam texts like this one.






Subscribe





« Prev Page

Dont Text: What's New Version 1.3.3


Next Page »

Scammers Targeting Netflix Accounts with Phishing Emails




Share 




















          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service













