





How to Stop Spam Texts from Different Numbers | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog








      How to Stop Spam Texts from Different Numbers
    
June 2, 2021 · 2 min

    




What is worse than one spam text? Hundreds of them. A phone full of unwanted text messages, from different numbers is enough to drive you crazy.
It feels almost impossible to block them all. Going in to each message and blocking the sender one-by-one just gets tiring. Thankfully, there is an easy way to block spam texts that come from different phone numbers or email addresses.

Check out the complete guide for blocking spam texts on iPhone

Block All Unknown Senders#
iOS includes a built-in setting that makes blocking spam texts really easy, even if they come from different numbers. Enabling this setting turns off notifications from all senders not saved in your contacts. You no longer have to worry about blocking each number that sends you spam text messages.
Here’s how you do it:#

Go to settings on your iPhone
Scroll down and tap on ‘Messages’
Scroll down and tap on ‘Unknown & Spam’
Enable ‘Filter Unknown Senders’

The only downside of this setting is that all messages from unknown senders will get blocked. Sometimes you will filter the wrong messages on accident. Maybe you get automated texts from different stores or restaurants you wouldn’t want to block. The only way to ensure they go unblocked is to save those numbers to your contacts.
Filter Spam with Dont Text#
Dont Text is a free app for iOS to block spam texts. With Dont Text, you have greater control over how you block spam and more customization.
Dont Text makes it easy to block spam texts from different numbers. In the app, you set keywords that you want blocked. All texts from unknown senders with that keyword are blocked. With a few strong keywords, this will easily take care of texts from different numbers
You can also set keywords to be allowed past the filter. This prevents blocking texts from the wrong numbers on accident. This is one way Dont Text gives you greater control and customization so you never miss an important text.
You can also upgrade to Worry Free Filtering to automatically block spam texts. Worry Free Filtering filters all spam to your junk folder without setting any keywords in the app. There is no setup and no hassle. To upgrade, visit the upgrade tab in the app to purchase the subscription.
Download Dont Text from the App Store to get started. In less than a minute you can start blocking annoying spam texts for good. If love using Dont Text, leave a review 😄






Subscribe





« Prev Page

How to Stop Political Texts


Next Page »

How To Stop Spam Messages From Going to My iPad




Share 




















          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service













