





How to Stop Political Texts | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog








      How to Stop Political Texts
    
June 20, 2021 · 3 min

    




Every election cycle the number of unwanted spam texts only seems to increase. Political campaigns now send text messages to extend their outreach. Political texts are used to register new voters, gather support for candidates, and raise funds for political campaigns.
For people who did not sign up to receive these texts, or no longer want to receive them, political texts can be very annoying. The good news is that it is really easy to stop political texts and get rid of them from your phone.
Reply STOP to Unsubscribe#
Most political texts are sent by automated text message services. Usually these services give you the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of the message campaign. Most of the time, all you have to do is text back STOP or CANCEL.
9/10 times you will get one last text from the sender telling you that you’ve successfully unsubscribed and will no longer get their texts. If this is the case, congrats you are done.
Another scenario might be the reply says you need to text something other than STOP to unsubscribe. If this is the case, follow their instructions to unsubscribe.
This is a little known secret that marketers and campaigners do not want you to know about. Most people do not how easy it is to get rid of spam texts.
Sometimes you will not get a text back that you have unsubscribed or you keep getting the texts anyway. If this happens, you need to block the texts instead.
Block Political Spam Texts on iPhone#
It is actually really easy to block spam texts on iPhone. To get started, download Dont Text for free from the App Store.
Once you install and open the app, it will walk you through how to enable text message filtering in your settings. After that, start adding keywords in the app to customize how you filter texts. For example, if you add ‘election’, ‘vote’, or ‘donate’ any text from an unsaved number containing that word will be blocked. It’s that easy!

Follow the complete guide for blocking spam texts with Dont Text

Dont Text with keywords is free to download and free to use. If you find the keywords confusing or do not want to deal with the hassle of keywords, upgrade to Worry Free Filtering.
Worry Free Filtering automatically detects and blocks all spam and political texts for you. Upgrade in the app and stop worrying about setting enough keywords to block all spam and never see political texts again.
Download Dont Text to stop political spam texts and leave a review if you love using the app 😄






Subscribe





« Prev Page

Was My Phone Number Leaked in the Facebook Data Breach?


Next Page »

How to Stop Spam Texts from Different Numbers




Share 




















          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service













