





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog






      How to Block Spam Texts from Gmail
    


Gmail addresses, like phone numbers, can be used to send spam text messages. You may be most familiar with spam texts from regular phone numbers. However, using email providers like Gmail is becoming more common.
 Download Dont Text on the App Store to block spam texts like this one
 How Can Spam Texts Be Sent from Gmail? Sending a text message from your email account sounds strange at first but it is actually really easy....

July 13, 2021 · 3 min








      How to Block Spam Texts from Email Addresses
    


Sending spam emails has been around as long as well, email. As the world has gone mobile, there has been a growth in spam texts and smishing. Now spam emails and spam texts have teamed up to send you spam texts from email addresses. This is the mashup that nobody asked for.
And for some reason, these spam texts seem harder to block than the rest. No matter what you do, you just can not seem to get rid of them....

June 23, 2021 · 3 min








      Was My Phone Number Leaked in the Facebook Data Breach?
    


Facebook is at the forefront of yet another privacy nightmare. In early April, it was discovered that over 500 million phone numbers and emails were leaked in the most recent Facebook data breach. Half a billion people now have their personal information exposed online. The data in the leak includes names, phone numbers, email addresses, passwords, birth dates, and locations.
With all of this data exposed on the internet, there is little that can be done to reverse the affects....

June 22, 2021 · 4 min








      How to Stop Political Texts
    


Every election cycle the number of unwanted spam texts only seems to increase. Political campaigns now send text messages to extend their outreach. Political texts are used to register new voters, gather support for candidates, and raise funds for political campaigns.
For people who did not sign up to receive these texts, or no longer want to receive them, political texts can be very annoying. The good news is that it is really easy to stop political texts and get rid of them from your phone....

June 20, 2021 · 3 min








      How to Stop Spam Texts from Different Numbers
    


What is worse than one spam text? Hundreds of them. A phone full of unwanted text messages, from different numbers is enough to drive you crazy.
It feels almost impossible to block them all. Going in to each message and blocking the sender one-by-one just gets tiring. Thankfully, there is an easy way to block spam texts that come from different phone numbers or email addresses.
 Check out the complete guide for blocking spam texts on iPhone...

June 2, 2021 · 2 min





« Prev Page
Next Page »







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












