





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog






      Is This Number Spam? - How to Lookup Spam Text Phone Numbers
    


You just received a mysterious text from an unknown number. You have no idea who is sending you this text or what they are even talking about. Why are they texting you in the first place and how did they get your phone number?
To get to the bottom of this mystery you need some way to check if this phony text is spam. Now it is easier than ever to check for spam texts....

November 4, 2021 · 4 min








      Launching our New Spam Text Number Lookup Tool
    


Dont Text is excited to announce the launch of a brand new tool to help in the fight against spam and phishing text messages. This new tool makes it easy to quickly search if a phone number that sent you a text is spam.
Lookup Spam Text Phone Numbers and Emails You can lookup any phone number or email address to check if it is being used to send spam or phishing texts....

November 3, 2021 · 2 min








      How to See List of All Blocked Phone Numbers on iPhone
    


Adding spammy contacts to your list of blocked phone numbers is an excellent way to protect your iPhone from spam. Blocking spam phone numbers is always a safe and effective way to shield your phone against unwanted calls and texts.
Over the years, you may have added lots of phone numbers to your blocked sender list and want to view all of the phone numbers added to the list.
You might be trying to remove a number you added by mistake or lookup a number you added earlier....

September 8, 2021 · 2 min








      Are Spam Text Messages Dangerous?
    


Spam texts are without a doubt annoying, but you might not think they are dangerous. No one needs more notifications on their phone, especially not junk messages. Besides being annoying, there is a concern of safety when it comes to receiving spam texts.
Getting unwanted calls from random phone numbers feels like a violation of your privacy.
 How did they even get my phone number in the first place? Are the messages that spammers send safe for my phone?...

September 2, 2021 · 3 min








      I Clicked on a Link in a Spam Text: Here's What to Do Next
    


Spam texts continue to find their way onto our phones. Spammers send their texts en masse, it is possible that you even receive multiple spam texts in a single day.
 Download Dont Text on the App Store to block spam texts like this one ⬆️
 Usually, attackers include a link in their spam texts that lead to a dangerous website. Opening the linked webpage can result in having your passwords stolen or receiving even more spam texts (no body wants that!...

August 21, 2021 · 5 min





« Prev Page
Next Page »







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












