





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog




      The Rise of Mobile Phishing
    


The growth of mobile devices has increased the number of ways phishing continues to exploit unsuspecting users. More people than ever own a mobile device. People are on their phones all the time. You no longer only check your email from a computer. We read our inboxes on our phones and tablets every day. While mobile devices make the internet more accessible, they open up new opportunities for phishers and spammers....

May 4, 2021 · 7 min






      Protect Yourself Against Phishing
    


Knowing how to protect yourself from phishing can seem difficult and overwhelming at first. The cyber security industry uses lots of buzzwords that make simple issues a lot more complicated than they really are. However, phishing is a straightforward type of attack. In simple terms, phishing is an attack that attempts to steal a user’s password or personal information. Phishing often occurs by email but is now very common over text....

April 24, 2021 · 6 min






      Phishing Attacks Explained: The Anatomy of A Phishing Attack
    


Phishing attacks are really simple. The simplicity of phishing is one of the reasons it continues to be such a big problem. Phishing is really easy to pull off, even for the most novice attackers. Setting up a phishing website can take less than an hour and doesn’t require a ton of technical skill. It is actually really easy to find tutorials for setting up a phishing website just by googling....

April 20, 2021 · 10 min






      7 Ways to Spot Phishing Emails
    


Phishing can be very tricky to spot if you are not careful. Not knowing how to identify phishing leaves you vulnerable to having your passwords or credit card stolen. As with anything, a little bit of practice can go a long way. Once you’ve spent a little time training yourself to spot spam texts and phishing emails you can do it with ease.
 “I know it when I see it....

March 30, 2021 · 7 min






      What Is Phishing: Definition and Example of a Phishing Attack
    


Phishing is everywhere, it is more than likely that you have personally encountered phishing. You are not alone, millions of phishing emails and texts land in internet users' inboxes everyday. This is a problem that has plagued internet users since the beginning of electronic mail and does not appear to be going away anytime soon. The number of phishing attempts continues to grow each year and phishers keep expanding their tactics....

March 27, 2021 · 6 min





« Prev Page
Next Page »







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












