





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog






      How To Stop Spam Messages From Going to My iPad
    


Spam texts are annoying enough on your phone. They are even more annoying when they start showing up on your iPad. Fortunately, there are several ways to shield your iPad from spam text messages.
Apple offers detailed instructions on how you can combat spam on your device. Here is a drilled down version so you can get right to blocking those spam texts.
 Trying to block spam texts on your iPhone?...

May 28, 2021 · 3 min








      Dont Text: What's New Version 1.3.3
    


This weekend the latest update for Dont Text was released on the App Store. You can download or update Dont Text today to try out the newest version. There are some exciting new changes to Dont Text, so without further ado, let’s dive in.
Announcing iPad Support 📣 The biggest change in Dont Text version 1.3.3 is iPad support. Dont Text now includes a version of the app designed and optimized for iPadOS....

May 19, 2021 · 2 min








      I Got a ROCKSTAR Energy Spam Text
    


A while ago, I got a spam text claiming to be from ROCKSTAR Energy. It was painfully obvious that this was a fake message. I did a little research and found that this is an older scam known as Car Wrap Scams
 Download Dont Text on the App Store to block spam texts like this one
 Above is the spam texts I received, sounds ridiculous right?
Maybe I spend too much time reading and analyzing spam text messages but there were a few things about this one that gave me a good laugh....

May 9, 2021 · 3 min






      Scammers Targeting Netflix Accounts with Phishing Emails
    


Have you ever wondered why anybody would waste their time phishing a Netflix account? Is someone really that desperate to save $8 by watching my Netflix account?
It is not that uncommon to receive spam texts or phishing emails claiming to be Netflix. Attackers like to target your accounts that seem unimportant or not worth securing. Accounts that are not your bank, email, or business related accounts usually don’t seem worth protecting to most users....

May 6, 2021 · 5 min






      5 Steps for Recovering Your Account From A Phishing Attack
    


Most people do not expect to become victims of a phishing attack. Finding out that your accounts were compromised in a phishing attack is scary. You will feel shocked and confused. You won’t believe that it happened to you. You’ll ask yourself, ‘how was I phished’? It seems so obvious now, right? No need to beat yourself up over it, now is the time to take action to fix it. Stay calm and try not to panic, you can still take steps to recover your account and minimize the damage....

May 5, 2021 · 5 min





« Prev Page
Next Page »







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












