





Blog | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog






Blog




      What is Smishing and How to Spot an Attack
    


Almost everyone is familiar with spam texts, but you might not be aware of smishing. You have probably received more spam texts than you would like. The average American gets spam texts almost every 2 days and there is no sign of them slowing down. In fact, more spam texts are sent every year.
Spam texts usually seem more annoying than dangerous. However, there is a more malicious variety of spam text message called smishing....

March 15, 2021 · 8 min








      Dont Text: What's New in Version 1.3
    


Version 1.3 of Dont Text is now available on the App Store. I wanted to take some time to share the new improvements that are coming your way. I plan writing a new post like this one for all new versions of Dont Text explaining what is new as I release each update.
Improved Design The first thing you’ll notice after downloading the new update is the improved design. I wanted to take some time to improve the overall design aspect of the Dont Text app....

March 13, 2021 · 5 min








      I Replied to a Spam Text: Am I Safe?
    


So you just received and a fresh spam text message. One of two things happened next:
  You accidentally replied before you realized it was spam or
  You thought you would have some fun and mess with the spammer by sending some witty replies.
  Now you are asking yourself: am I safe after I replied to that spam text?
The short answer is probably yes, but there are a few more things to consider....

March 2, 2021 · 3 min






      Why Am I Getting Spam Text Messages All of a Sudden?
    


Are you suddenly getting a ton of spam text messages? Have you ever wondered how spammers get your phone number in the first place? Here’s some truth, your phone number is not as secret as it seems.
You probably don’t have a phone book at home anymore, but now it’s easier than ever to lookup someone’s phone number online. There are massive databases of phone numbers available on the internet. With a name and a location, you might even be able to find someone’s number with that information alone....

February 10, 2021 · 5 min






      How to Block Spam Texts on iPhone
    


Spam texts are one of the most annoying things in the world. The only things more annoying than spam texts might be wet socks, traffic jams, and slow wifi. A world without spam texts blowing up our phones is one we all want to live in.
Luckily, iPhones offer a few options for stopping spam texts. Apple provides documentation on blocking spam text messages with iOS.
This post is a quick summary of the steps you can take to remove unwanted texts from your iPhone....

February 2, 2021 · 3 min





« Prev Page







          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service












