





Dont Text: What's New Version 1.3.3 | Dont Text



































                Dont  Text

























Home




Download




Tools




Contact




Blog








      Dont Text: What's New Version 1.3.3
    
May 19, 2021·2 min

    




This weekend the latest update for Dont Text was released on the App Store. You can download or update Dont Text today to try out the newest version. There are some exciting new changes to Dont Text, so without further ado, lets dive in.
Announcing iPad Support #
The biggest change in Dont Text version 1.3.3 is iPad support. Dont Text now includes a version of the app designed and optimized for iPadOS. iPad users can now enjoy the same powerful spam text blocking capabilities as iPhone users. The app has all the same great features as the iPhone version, just designed to fit perfectly on your screen in both landscape and portrait mode. Im excited to enable iPad users to enjoy the same great spam free experience they get on iPhone with Dont Text.
For users subscribed to Worry Free Filtering, I have more good news. Your subscription syncs between both your iPad and iPhone. If you are already subscribed to Worry Free Filtering on another device, you can sync your subscription by pressing the restore button on the upgrade tab. This will enable your subscription on the new device. Users with devices that have the same AppleID do not need to purchase a subscription twice.
Bug Fixes#
The latest updated includes minor bug fixes. I run and maintain Dont Text 100% on my own, but I strive to provide the highest quality app and service possible. I am always looking for feedback and ways I can improve Dont Text.
If you find any bugs or issues, you can contact me directly to report the issue.
Deleting Keywords#
There was an issue in the previous release of Dont Text that would prevent users from properly deleting keywords. A user could delete a keyword in the app but, the keyword would reappear after reopening the app. The issue was related to how the app stores the keyword list in CoreData (iOS app storage) and is now resolved.
To delete a keyword in the Dont Text app, simply swipe left on the keyword in the block list.
Download Dont Text#
You can try out the latest version of Dont Text for yourself. Download Dont Text from the App Store today and keep blocking those spam texts.
If you are loving Dont Text and use it to block spam texts, leave a review 






Subscribe





« Prev Page

How To Stop Spam Messages From Going to My iPad


Next Page »

I Got a ROCKSTAR Energy Spam Text




Share 




















          Dont  Text







© 2023 Dont Text
·
FAQ
·
Contact
·
Privacy
·
Terms of Service













